Improve docs on multiValue use case (#90)
newrelic-experimental/entity-synthesis-definitions: README.md

If some of the tags' attributes are not present on the telemetry message received, the entity will still be synthesized with the available tags (if any).

By default an entity tag will contain all the values seen for this attribute in the telemetry.

> If you want to override all the values with the new one you can configure `multiValue: false` for that specific tag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to override all the values with the new one you can configure `multiValue: false` for that specific tag.
```

```yaml
  tags:
    attributeNameB:
      multiValue: false
    attributeNameC:
```

> An example for this is `INFRA-CONTAINER` where the tag `container.state` will always display the last state (`RUNNING`, `STOPPED`, etc..) instead of a list of all the states the entity has gone trough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of this is `INFRA-CONTAINER` where the tag `container.state` will always display the last state (`RUNNING`, `STOPPED`, etc..) instead of a list of all the states the entity has gone through.
```

> An example of this is `INFRA-CONTAINER` where the tag `container.state` will always display the last state (`RUNNING`, `STOPPED`, etc..) instead of a list of all the states the entity has gone through.

Reviewer 2: nit: the values are actually lowercase!
